1.Taj Lake Palace(udaipur)
Lake Palace is a luxury hotel, which has 83 rooms and suites featuring white marble walls. 
The Lake Palace is located on the island of Jag Niwas in Lake Pichola, Udaipur, India, and its natural foundation spans 4 acres (16,000 m2).
The hotel operates a speed boat which transports guests to the hotel from a jetty at the City Palace.
It has been voted as the most romantic hotel in India and in the world.
It was built between 1743- 1746 under the direction of the Maharana Jagat Singh II of Udaipur, 
Rajasthan as a royal summer palace and was initially called Jagniwas or Jan Niwas after its founder.
2.Oberoi Rajvilas(jaipur)
The Oberoi Rajvilas, is a royal resort set in a breathtaking thirty two acre oasis of beautiful landscaped gardens and exotic birdlife. 
Built around an 18th century Shiva temple which affords chanting with a Hindu priest, meditation and morning yoga.
The Oberoi Rajvilas is a haven of mystical peace and natural serenity.Traditional techniques have been used to replicate the famous pink lime plaster walls of Jaipur, throughout the resort. 
Also adorned with Mughal arches, gold leaf frescoes, high domed ceilings and magnificent crystal chandeliers, The Oberoi Rajvilas epitomises traditional Rajasthani charm and Oberoi luxury.
3.Amanbagh Resort(Ajabgarh)
Amanbagh is a verdant oasis of mature palm, fruit and eucalyptus trees lying within a walled compound once the staging area for royal hunts. 
Evoking the palatial elegance of the Moghul era, Amanbagh’s Haveli Suites and Pool Pavilions provide a tranquil base from which to explore the rich heritage of Rajasthan, India’s dramatic frontier region. Amanbagh’s award-winning design features domed cupolas and private courtyards.
The resort is very much a modern day ‘Mughal Palace’, conceived in the present, but paying homage to the architecture and design of India’s golden age.
Amanbagh is a contemporary sanctuary paying homage to India’s golden age and the historical landscape of Rajasthan.
4.Raj Palace (jaipur)
Acknowledged as The world's best heritage hotel the "Raj Palace is a Heritage Grand hotel and the member of Small Luxury Hotels of the world. We were voted as the World's Leading heritage hotel" by The World Travel awards consecutively for four years 2007 - 2011.
We are the winners of the National incredible India award for being awarded as The Best Heritage Hotel in India by the department of tourism Government of India for this year.
We have the option of selecting accommodation starting from Heritage rooms to the most expensive suite in the world the Shahi Mahal Suite.
If you have some holiday plans like the ones that include site seeing different places at Jaipur, kindly contact us to organize your tour of the whole of Jaipur, with our special packages, and the best rates for Luxury Hotels in Jaipur.
